Add log size limits (#8574)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

Release notes are grouped by month for both multi-tenant and virtual private cloud (VPC) environments.

## February 2026

> - **Documentation clarification**: Cumulative log size limits on run endpoints were introduced in [October 2025](/docs/dbt-versions/2025-release-notes#october-2025) but the change was not documented at that time. When logs exceed the cumulative size limit, they are omitted and a banner is displayed. For more information, see [Run visibility](/docs/deploy/run-visibility#log-size-limits). No functional changes were made in February 2026.

Reviewer: recommend we match the release note categories and clarify nothing else was changed:
```suggestion
- **Enhancement**: We clarified documentation for cumulative log size limits on run endpoints, originally introduced in [October 2025](/docs/dbt-versions/2025-release-notes#october-2025). When logs exceed the cumulative size limit, dbt omits them and displays a banner. No functional changes were made in February 2026. For more information, see [Run visibility](/docs/deploy/run-visibility#log-size-limits).
```
